# CS320-Software-Testing-Automation

### How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Insuring that code is both functional and secure is not an easy undertaking. So far, the only testing I've done of code has been for this course, and it was a little excessive in certain situations to make sure everything worked. This course has opened my eyes to the depths of complexity involved. By being true to the requirements and creating thorough tests that yield a high coverage percentage when the code is tested, I can guarantee that it is both safe and functional. My software for this course passed all of the necessary tests to guarantee at least a 90% coverage rate. Making sure the code works basically required sticking to the requirements, and making sure it was secure required developing thorough tests based on the requirements.

### How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
I interpret what users want from a software by reading their requests and then parsing them into manageable chunks. Limits on word count and submission of blank forms are two good examples. The first restriction concerned names; they couldn't be null and couldn't go beyond 10 characters in length. Based on what I read, I added an if statement to the code that accounts for both possible error states. This is a very simplistic approach to need-to-program translation, since it just converts the need into a success criterion. Occasionally, there are vaguer needs that demand a closer examination.

### How do I approach designing software?
I think I could improve my approach to software design. My typical process is reviewing the needs and then making a comprehensive list of those needs. First, if necessary, I compile a list of objects that will be used to complete certain requirements, followed by a similar list of methods. As soon as I have all of my lists together, I can start drafting the necessary code to fulfill the needs identified in them. When the code is functional, I go back over it and optimize it as much as possible. So far, it has served me well in my academic pursuits, but I see that a broader and more perceptive strategy would benefit me much.
